Format updates in catalog topics folder (part 2) (#321)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/inventory-sources-add.md

If editing the Default Source, you can edit all configurations except name and code. We recommend single source merchants add information matching their location.

## Add a new inventory source

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Stores** > _Inventory_ > **Sources**.

1. Click <span class="btn">Add New Source</span>.

   ![]({% link images/images/stores-inventory-sources.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Manage Sources_

1. Expand ![]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}) the **General** section and do the following:

    - Enter a unique **Name** to identify the inventory source.

    - Enter a unique **Code**.

      The code supports upper and lower case letters, numbers, dashes, and underscores. The code is a unique ID used when assigning to stock and exporting-importing data.

    - If this inventory source is ready to use, set **Is Enabled** to `Yes`.

    - Enter a brief **Description** for this location for quick reference or additional details.

>     - In the **Latitude** and **Longitude** fields, enter the Global Positioning System (GPS) coordinates of the facility location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **Latitude** and **Longitude**, enter the Global Positioning System (GPS) coordinates of the facility location.
```

      To find the GPS coordinates with [Google Maps][1], enter the address in the **Search** box. Right-click the marker on the map and choose **What’s here?**. The GPS coordinates appear in the details box below the street address.

      ![]({% link images/images/stores-inventory-source-general.png %}){: .zoom}
      _General_

1. Expand ![]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}) the **Contact Info** section and do the following:

>     - For the **Contact Name**, enter the full name of the primary contact at the location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **Contact Name**, enter the full name of the primary contact at the location.
```

    - Enter an **Email** address for contacting the location.

>     - For the **Phone**, enter the area code and phone number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **Phone**, enter the area code and phone number.
```

>     - In the **Fax** field, enter the area code and phone number of the fax, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **Fax**, enter the area code and phone number of the fax, if available.
```

      ![]({% link images/images/stores-inventory-source-contact-info.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Contact Info_

1. Expand ![]({% link images/images/btn-expand.png %}) the **Address Data** section and do the following:

    - Choose the **Country**.

>     - For the **State/Province**, enter the standard abbreviation for the state or province.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **State/Province**, enter the standard abbreviation for the state or province.
```

    - Enter the **City**.

    - Enter the physical **Street** address.

>     - For the **Postcode**, enter the ZIP or postal code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For **Postcode**, enter the ZIP or postal code.
```

      ![]({% link images/images/stores-inventory-source-address-data.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Address Data_

1. To save your work, do one of the following:

    - To save your work and continue editing, click <span class="btn">Save & Continue</span>.

    - To save your work and return to the Manage Sources page, click the down arrow ( ![]({% link images/images/btn-dropdown.png %})) and choose **Save & Close**.

    - To save your work on the current source record and enter a new source, choose **Save & New**.

## Button bar

|Button|Description|
|--|--|
|Back|Returns to the Manage Sources page.|
|Reset|Restores all fields in the form to their values at the time of the last save.|

> |Save & Continue|Saves all changes, and keeps the form open for further editing. Click the down arrow for these additional options:<br/>**Save & Close** - Saves changes to the current record, closes the form, and returns to the Manage Sources page.<br/>**Save & New** - Saves changes and closes the current record, and opens a new blank form.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Save & Continue|Saves all changes and keeps the form open for further editing. Click the down arrow for additional options:<br/>**Save & Close** - Saves changes to the current record, closes the form, and returns to the Manage Sources page.<br/>**Save & New** - Saves changes, closes the current record, and opens a new blank form.|
```
